I love being in Hollywood because
there's just so much energy here my name
is Tim hogar i am the heavy metal vegan
i am the host creator producer editor
and all the characters in heavy metal
vegan cooking which is a web show that
combines sketch comedy cooking and just
a generally good time my friends are
coming over and we are gonna be making
some vegan sushi my girlfriend Jackie my
friend brendan and my friend Jeff okay
so the first step is spread a thin layer
of rice on top of the nori which is
actually seaweed it's kind of brittle
but then once you put the rice on it
absorb some of that moisture is from
very easy to roll the thing that makes
this rice different is that it is a
medium-grain rice did you cook the rice
in a regular pot or a rice cooker I
cooked in a regular pot on the stove you
definitely don't need a rice cooker to
make this steak one and a half cups of
water one cup of rice and then once it's
cooked mixing a quarter cup of seasoned
rice vinegar excellent job I can see I
can see even you've been taught well and
pretty much the hard parts done now I'm
making for a few different reasons I
think it's a healthy way to live if you
do it right and a lot of its ethical
this guy over here is vegan cameta
broccoli a lot of pastas go into that
muscle I'm begging and these two not so
much so I crave chicken i generally am a
meat and potatoes kind of guy i just
have the pot roast last night i tend to
be from the irish score of boiling that
of everything but i do like vegetables
you can put any kind of vegetable into a
role that you want and we're going to be
putting in some avocado some faux
chicken some cucumber and some carrots
the faux chicken is made out of soy
protein wheat gluten some p protein a
lot of people say well you know vegan
isn't heavy metal you know you're not
eating the bloody raw pieces of meat but
I don't think there's anything more
heavy metal in questioning what you've
been taught about food sticking to your
convictions his videos do make me laugh
he's a charming guy believe it or not
sushi is definitely not a complicated
thing to make the soy sauce and the ncb
all kind of ties it together I think
it's really good Jeff I think you must
not be in there I do like being a vegan
with an attitude that's kind of why I
did the show because it is no pun
intended a more palatable way to teach
people what vegan cooking is show them
how easy it is people that have never
eaten being in their life enjoy the show